c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_TestProject\MVC_TestProject\obj\Debug\MVC_TestProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_TestProject\MVC_TestProject\bin\MVC_TestProject.dll.config
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_TestProject\MVC_TestProject\bin\MVC_TestProject.dll
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_TestProject\MVC_TestProject\bin\MVC_TestProject.pdb
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_TestProject\MVC_TestProject\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_TestProject\MVC_TestProject\bin\DL - Interface.dll
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_TestProject\MVC_TestProject\bin\DL.dll
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_TestProject\MVC_TestProject\bin\Entity.dll
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_TestProject\MVC_TestProject\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_TestProject\MVC_TestProject\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_TestProject\MVC_TestProject\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_TestProject\MVC_TestProject\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_TestProject\MVC_TestProject\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_TestProject\MVC_TestProject\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_TestProject\MVC_TestProject\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_TestProject\MVC_TestProject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_TestProject\MVC_TestProject\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_TestProject\MVC_TestProject\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_TestProject\MVC_TestProject\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_TestProject\MVC_TestProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_TestProject\MVC_TestProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_TestProject\MVC_TestProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_TestProject\MVC_TestProject\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_TestProject\MVC_TestProject\bin\DL - Interface.pdb
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_TestProject\MVC_TestProject\bin\DL.pdb
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_TestProject\MVC_TestProject\bin\Entity.pdb
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_TestProject\MVC_TestProject\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_TestProject\MVC_TestProject\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_TestProject\MVC_TestProject\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_TestProject\MVC_TestProject\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_TestProject\MVC_TestProject\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_TestProject\MVC_TestProject\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_TestProject\MVC_TestProject\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_TestProject\MVC_TestProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_TestProject\MVC_TestProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_TestProject\MVC_TestProject\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_TestProject\MVC_TestProject\obj\Debug\MVC_TestProject.dll
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_TestProject\MVC_TestProject\obj\Debug\MVC_TestProject.pdb
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_TestProject\MVC_TestProject\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MVC_TestProject\MVC_TestProject\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
