c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing_MVC\Testing_MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\Testing_MVC.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing_MVC\Testing_MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\Testing_MVC.Tests.dll
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing_MVC\Testing_MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\Testing_MVC.Tests.pdb
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing_MVC\Testing_MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing_MVC\Testing_MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing_MVC\Testing_MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing_MVC\Testing_MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing_MVC\Testing_MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing_MVC\Testing_MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing_MVC\Testing_MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing_MVC\Testing_MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing_MVC\Testing_MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing_MVC\Testing_MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing_MVC\Testing_MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing_MVC\Testing_MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing_MVC\Testing_MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\Testing_MVC.dll
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing_MVC\Testing_MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing_MVC\Testing_MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\Testing_MVC.pdb
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing_MVC\Testing_MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing_MVC\Testing_MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing_MVC\Testing_MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing_MVC\Testing_MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing_MVC\Testing_MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing_MVC\Testing_MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing_MVC\Testing_MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing_MVC\Testing_MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing_MVC\Testing_MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing_MVC\Testing_MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing_MVC\Testing_MVC.Tests\obj\Debug\Testing_MVC.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing_MVC\Testing_MVC.Tests\obj\Debug\Testing_MVC.Tests.dll
c:\users\ewerdney\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Testing_MVC\Testing_MVC.Tests\obj\Debug\Testing_MVC.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Ewerdney\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Testing_MVC\Testing_MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\DL - Interface.dll
C:\Users\Ewerdney\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Testing_MVC\Testing_MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\Entity.dll
C:\Users\Ewerdney\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Testing_MVC\Testing_MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Ewerdney\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Testing_MVC\Testing_MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Ewerdney\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Testing_MVC\Testing_MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.dll
C:\Users\Ewerdney\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Testing_MVC\Testing_MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\DL.dll
C:\Users\Ewerdney\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Testing_MVC\Testing_MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\DL - Interface.pdb
C:\Users\Ewerdney\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Testing_MVC\Testing_MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\Entity.pdb
C:\Users\Ewerdney\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Testing_MVC\Testing_MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Ewerdney\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Testing_MVC\Testing_MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Ewerdney\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Testing_MVC\Testing_MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.xml
C:\Users\Ewerdney\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Testing_MVC\Testing_MVC.Tests\bin\Debug\DL.pdb
